README.md, before:

# Table of Content

## How to Contribute?

### Documentaion First!

There are some examples in the examples-folder that you can use as Template.

- [ ] Describe the Scope of your Module
- [ ] List all used Services & Features
- [ ] Provide a example of how to use your Module
- [ ] Describe the Input Interface
- [ ] Describe the Output Interface
- [ ] Provide some Additional information about the Module
- [ ] Provide some rudimental Roadmap (When the Module is completed, Mark as completed)

### Create a new Module

Create a Branch and name it e.g. `my-fancy-module`

Create a folder in the provider you want to use AWS / Azure / ... e.g. `my-fancy-module`

Place the Terrafrom-Files here! If needed create a src folder and put some code there.

Create a PR and collect 2 approves from some fancy Codecampers!

## Ask for a Module

Create a Issue and Label it with the following `new Module`

Provide a general summary of the feature in the Title

I have searched the [issues](https://github.com/codecampn/terraform-Modulees/issues) of this repository and believe that this is not a duplicate.

### Summary 💡

Describe what it should do.

### Examples 🌈

Provide a implementations or screenshots of the expected behavior.

### Motivation 🔦

What are you trying to accomplish? Providing context helps us come up with a solution that is most useful in the real world.

Commit message:

add test requirement in Readme

README.md, after:

# Table of Content

## How to Contribute?

### Documentaion First!

There are some examples in the examples-folder that you can use as Template.

- [ ] Describe the Scope of your Module
- [ ] List all used Services & Features
- [ ] Provide a example of how to use your Module
- [ ] Describe the Input Interface
- [ ] Describe the Output Interface
- [ ] Provide some Additional information about the Module
- [ ] Provide some rudimental Roadmap (When the Module is completed, Mark as completed)
- [ ] testfile exist

### Create a new Module

Create a Branch and name it e.g. `my-fancy-module`

Create a folder in the provider you want to use AWS / Azure / ... e.g. `my-fancy-module`

Place the Terrafrom-Files here! If needed create a src folder and put some code there.

Create a PR and collect 2 approves from some fancy Codecampers!

### Create the Test-File

Place your Module in the test-folder

## Ask for a Module

Create a Issue and Label it with the following `new Module`

Provide a general summary of the feature in the Title

I have searched the [issues](https://github.com/codecampn/terraform-Modulees/issues) of this repository and believe that this is not a duplicate.

### Summary 💡

Describe what it should do.

### Examples 🌈

Provide a implementations or screenshots of the expected behavior.

### Motivation 🔦

What are you trying to accomplish? Providing context helps us come up with a solution that is most useful in the real world.
